(DOCSP-11835): Clarify Partition Key handling on Client-side vs. Server-side (#445)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sync/partitioning.txt

- Partition keys must have a value of one of the
  :ref:`supported types for partition keys
  <partition-limitations-types>`.
  
- If the partition key field is designated as optional, all documents that 
  don't contain the partition key or have a null value for the partition key 

>   will be sent to the null partition by default. 

Reviewer: Nitpick: when qualifying with "by default", I might expect to also see a case in which the behavior could be overridden. Is that the case here? Otherwise, you might consider omitting "by default".

- Partition keys must have a value of one of the
  :ref:`supported types for partition keys
  <partition-limitations-types>`.
  
- Partition key fields should be made required through the {+Realm+} UI. If 
  the partition key field is designated as optional, all documents that 
  exclude the partition key or have a null value for the partition key will be 

>   sent to the null partition. 

Reviewer 2: A few nitpicks here:

- > Partition key fields should be made required...

  In general our style prefers [active voice](https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/writing/use-active-voice/), so let's rephrase a bit to answer "made required _by whom?_"

  ```rst
  You can configure your app to treat partition keys as either optional or required.
  ```

- We should also describe what happens to documents that exclude or have a null partition key when partition keys are required

- A reader might ask "what is the null partition?" Can we either clear that up here or add a glossary entry (in `source/get-started/glossary.txt`) and reference it here (`` :term:`null partition` ``). e.g. it's the default realm on the client device

- Partition keys must have a value of one of the
  :ref:`supported types for partition keys
  <partition-limitations-types>`.
  
- You can configure your app to treat partition keys as either optional or 
  required. If the partition key field is designated as optional, all documents 
  that exclude the partition key or have a null value for the partition key 
  will be sent to the :term:`null partition`. If the partition key field is 

>   required, 

Reviewer 2: Looks like we're missing the end of the sentence here

- Partition keys must have a value of one of the
  :ref:`supported types for partition keys
  <partition-limitations-types>`.
  
- You can configure your app to treat partition keys as either optional or 

>   required. If the partition key field is designated as optional, all documents 

Reviewer 3: documents -> MongoDB documents

  that exclude the partition key or have a null value for the partition key 
  will be sent to the :term:`null partition`. If the partition key field is 

>   required, {+sync+} will ignore any documents that lack a valid value for 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  required, {+sync+} ignores any MongoDB documents that lack a valid value for 
```
Both here and in the above usage of "document" I think it would help users to use the term "MongoDB documents" so they don't confuse this with client-side behavior. Also, prefer active voice when possible (which I know can be a huge pain when we're writing about theoretical scenarios like "if x is y, z..")
